Simon paper

Overall assessment:		
Interesting project. Keep it short, focus on what you do in the project.

General comments:
As a reader, we sit back with a feeling, that there is a lot of repetition. The introduction can be shortened and be more on point. The content is nice though.

Note: Numbers less than 11 must be written with letters.
Note: Be consistent with periods/full stop in figure texts.
Note: It is IN figure X not ON figure. 
Note: include sources when theory are stated.
Note: The figures of the given setup and your test setup  - we prefer it as functional diagrams rather than pictures (except figure 3). What do you want the reader to gain from the figures - it is not clear from the pictures. 

Specific comments:	
Abstract: 
Suggestion: present the advantages of using robots and MIS before presenting the use of haptic feedback and the challenges of it. 

Section II - system overview - “[...] arms with 6 - 7 actuated DOF each.”
Suggestion: Write degrees of freedom (DOF) the first time

Section II - system overview - 
Don’t bring System overview and subsection A. Entire setup without written a top in between. 

Section II - system overview -
Suggestion: Almost the two first pages are spend on describing the given system, rather than your work. We suggest to shorten it, as it is not the focus of the paper. 

Section II - system overview - “[...] (or EndoWrist, more precisely), [...]”
Suggestion: Change the brackets to commas. 

Section III Force estimation:		
“In this manner, the feedback vector is transformed from Cartesian space to a task space in which the chosen actions form a basis.” 
Thoughts: We are unsure what you mean by this. Please elaborate with explanation.
Suggestion: We prefer operational space, or a more intuitive explanation of what task space is.  

Section III - Force Estimation, B, parameter identification		
“A piecewise linear expression is made from the 340 mA sample and up and can be seen on equation(12)”.
Note: The approximation is not linear, but affine, since it does not pass through origin.
Suggestions: Maybe include some more explanation here too. For 340 mA, make a reference to figure 6.		
Figure 4 is in subsection B, but is referred to in subsection C. Move it.  

IV - communication: 
The protocol section is not needed. It is not curriculum. Communication should consider delays and noise and computation priority within the micro controller.
How the packages are structured is not the focus of this semester. Cut it out and write about delays and include perhaps a bit budget.
Last paragraph of the section starts well - what does it conclude. We suggest you expand the last paragraph and make it the focus of the section. 

V. Results:
One subsection in results. Communication - what about controller. The section does not seem to be finished. 
From this it seems as you have only improved the bandwidth. 

VI- Discussion :
Seems as the paper has been written as the progress of the project is at the moment. There is a lot of expectation - how does the control system work - must be presented in results and commented in discussion before hand in.

The last paragraph of the discussion, we would prefer it removed and brought in an additional section after the conclusion called “Future Work” - as safety has not been in the scope of your project.